previously on do you have what it takes
we're looking for somebody who has it
I know a town any that's not a
performance competition what do you have
common with a shooting star a powerful
person edge in the unforgettable aura
what does that mean if we could only
choose one of you which one should we
choose me
two grueling days of auditioning had
taken its toll on the judges in order to
get through day three they decided to
pick up the pace we're gonna do is I'm
gonna give you 30 seconds to prove to us
that you've got what it takes
set the clock let's begin I'm gonna make
the gameplay side like I see one more
everybody's changing the shot I'm gonna
make you remember watch Jamie the skull
and the rock some zombies webapp it
Oh
time's up wow that was um ridiculous
following intense deliberations the
judges selected this guy this guy not
this guy but this guy and this guy
everyone just seems so talented but this
wasn't like a talent competition it was
just more about personality in total 12
lucky contenders have moved on to the
quarterfinal round so you're all here
because you might have what it takes
you know what the truth is each one of
you may have what it takes but you have
to narrow it down so I'm gonna ask
Carter and Taylor please switch
positions Matt go stand next to swaggy t
Rhonda and Carter please with Maria and
Erika switched positions now go back to
the original positions Kennedy we go
stand right by that tree for a second
right there yeah yeah right in between
those trees I have to separate the two
groups the groups of three Carter Rhonda
nadir very sorry so you're moving on to
the next round
Taylor Kennedy TS gifted it's over I'm
sorry Maria Matt swaggy T you're moving
on to the next round
amber Erica Ronald please exit the
premises immediately thank you
with that the quarterfinals came to an
end
emotions ran high dad I'm gonna be on a
TV show called do you have what it takes
and I made it through and I really want
to thank you for everything and I love
you so much
and then there were six
unfortunately we can only take four that
means two of you are gonna have to go
home
it's time to find out if you have what
it takes each one of us is gonna pick
one of you we will be your mentor going
forward Malcolm Carter
standing firm now what do you think
Carter oh you're the first pick
believe me the honors all mine not yours
this is a jaw-dropper in every capacity
definitely Ally based on what I've seen
today I'm going to have to go in the
deer thank you so much
chili it's very important to me that
this particular person gets a chance to
show the world that they have what it
takes
Maria thank you there are three of you
left
and the person that I'm going to pick is
the person that I believe in this whole
group wants it and appreciates it more
than anyone and that's waggy t Rhonda
tranquilo thank you so much Matt running
we wish you the best bye bye guys maybe
I don't have what it takes
get my backpack
all right well uh four of you remain and
now this becomes a competition not just
between the four of you but between the
four of us yeah we've all made our pits
guys let's do this
jubilation triumph am i right
one of these four people has what it
takes on the next you have what it takes
good for you next I love you so much
all right
hi internet Watchers Jimmy Kimmel here
subscribe to my youtube channel for all
our latest viral videos and while you're
here don't forget to get in a very
stupid fight in the comment section okay